fix(js_formatter): fix formatting of multi-line member chain (#1696)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

  s(/🚀🚀/).s().s();
  ```

> - Fix [#1218](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/1218). Fix invalid formatting of multiline member chain. Contributed by @ah-yu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix [#1218](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/1218), by correctly preserving empty lines in member chains. Contributed by @ah-yu
```
